add breaking change note in APIM upgrade guide about AE new default behaviour (#947)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/installation-guide/upgrades/3.20.0/README.adoc

= Upgrade to 3.20.0

== Breaking changes

=== Alert Engine
Starting with 3.20.0, APIM is shipped with the new 2.0.0 version of the AlertEngine connector.

Events are sent over http as default behaviour. In order to switch back to websocket:

```yaml
alerts:
  alert-engine:
    ws:
      sendEventsOnHttp: false
```

> Please see to the link:/ae/apim_installation.html#event_sending_mode[AlertEngine documentation] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the link:/ae/apim_installation.html#event_sending_mode[AlertEngine documentation] for more information.
```

Reviewer: Minor typo

Author: Oops, sorry.
I've just pushed

> Please refer to the AlertEngine documentation for more information: https://docs.gravitee.io/ae/apim_installation.html#event_sending_mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see to the link:/ae/apim_installation.html#event_sending_mode[AlertEngine documentation] for more information.
```

Author: In theory, I would agree, but because this README is included into another page and because of this bug https://github.com/asciidoctor/jekyll-asciidoc/issues/166, I'm not sure the "link:" syntax will work

Reviewer: In this case it does - I made the change locally and built it - but you are right to be cautious.

Author: I did the change 😉
